[v10] Add a template with all components imported (#1921)
nhsuk/nhsuk-frontend: CHANGELOG.md

This was added in [pull request #1915: Render Nunjucks icon macro into SVG files](https://github.com/nhsuk/nhsuk-frontend/pull/1915).

#### Add a template with all components imported

> You can now choose to use `template-with-imports.njk` as a base template, which will import all components.

Reviewer: We typically assume the changelog caters for both Nunjucks and HTML users

Shall we clarify this a bit too?

```suggestion
If you are using the Nunjucks macros, you can now extend the `template-with-imports.njk` base template instead of `template.njk`, which will import all components.
```

> If you are using the Nunjucks macros, you can now extend the `template-with-imports.njk` base template instead of `template.njk`, which will import all components.

Reviewer: Noticed we usually say "our Nunjucks page template" since it was only added in v9.4.0

Typically with the guidance page linked up too

Shall we make an edit and add the usual PR link?

```suggestion
If you are using our Nunjucks [page template](https://service-manual.nhs.uk/design-system/styles/page-template), you can now extend `template-with-imports.njk` instead of `template.njk` to automatically import all components.

This was was added in [pull request #1921: Add a template with all components imported](https://github.com/nhsuk/nhsuk-frontend/pull/1921).
```
